here's what you'll need for your
hurricane popcorn you'll need a photo
kaki popcorn kernels
a mixing bowl and some butter put a
quarter cup of popcorn kernels in a
brown paper lunch bag and hold the top
twice and staple the three points that
I'm doing and I put your brown paper bag
in the microwave and I do in mine and my
microwave for three minutes in ten
seconds here microwave my very mine's
the 600 block microwave while the
popcorns popped in the microwave slice
yourself some butter use more use the
last depending on how much you think you
need or you want put it in a bowl
after 3 minutes and 10 seconds of the
popcorn and now I'm going in use the
microwave to melt the butter in the bowl
please about 15 20 seconds to get that
butter melted now that everything is
done if your mixing bowl out and put
everything and I'm going to start with
the popcorn first
now I'm gonna get a good amount of rice
crackers about two handfuls and here's
the flora kaki
this is just nori nori for a I'm
using just seaweed in them sesame seeds
and
now that everything is done mixing
here's your hurricane popcorn here is a
bag of Hawaiian popcorn company Hawaiian
hurricane popcorn it has everything for
the mix it has a bag of microwave
popcorn
the Japanese rice crackers and the nori
and but an oil so you can find these on
Amazon if you're on the mainland kind of
pricey
thanks for watching
Mahalo